mples/mautic-example-nginx-ssl/certbot/setup.sh can be used to (#192)
mautic/docker-mautic: examples/mautic-example-nginx-ssl-managedDB/README.md

> This example shows how to configure nginx to act as a reverse proxy with ssl support for mautic container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure NGINX to act as a reverse proxy with SSL support for the Mautic container.
```

#### What is handled in this docker-compose.yml:

> * Setup of mysql and mautic containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of MySQL and Mautic containers
```

> * Setup of mysql db on managed or remote server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of MySQL database on managed or remote server
```

> * Setup of a nginx container with custom vhost configuration (nginx.conf)and secure with letsencrypt certs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of an NGINX container with custom vhost configuration (nginx.conf) and secure the instance with Let's Encrypt certificates
```

#### How to use this example:

> 1. run ```docker-compose up``` in this directory

Reviewer: I think that we only require one backtick for an inline comment but if there is a reason to use three please feel free to disregard the suggestion!

```suggestion
1. Run `docker-compose up` in this directory
```

> 2. add these lines to your /etc/hosts file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add these lines to your `/etc/hosts` file 
```

> ```127.0.0.1       pilotdev9.eastbayinfo.org ```

Reviewer: We use [example.com in documentation](https://docs.mautic.org/en/contributing#example-domain-references) when referring to URLs - will refactor according to how I understand the URLs should be but feel free to correct if I make an error!

```suggestion
`127.0.0.1       mautic.example.com`
```

> ``` 127.0.4.123 mautic.local ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`127.0.4.123 mautic.local`
```

> 3. access https://pilotdev9.eastbayinfo.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Access `https://mautic.example.com`
```

> 4. go through Mautic setup (fill ```mauticdbpass``` as mysql password on db setup page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go through the Mautic setup (fill `mauticdbpass` using the MySQL password from the database setup page)
```

> 6. test Mautic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Test Mautic
```

#### Notes

> * The certificate should be made trustworthy. It may not be enough to just click trough the warning in some browsers.

Reviewer: Can you add details on how to do this? And/or link out to a reputable resource that explains to the user how to do it?

```suggestion
* The certificate should be made trustworthy. It may not be enough to just click through the warning in some browsers.
```

> * The hosts mapping is needed to make the certificate trustworthy (name must match with certificate's CN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The hosts mapping is needed to make the certificate trustworthy (the name must match with certificate's CN).
```

> * If you want to access the container remote machine you should replace 127.0.4.123 with address of your docker host.

Reviewer: I think that you mean accessing the container from a remote machine, but you may mean something else! Please feel free to correct my suggestion as you see fit!

```suggestion
* If you want to access the container from a remote machine you should replace `127.0.4.123` with address of your Docker host.
```
